# Acta 01 of the meeting of February 20, 2017. 

We establish the members.

+ Jose (back)
+ Estela (back)
+ Jorge (back)
+ Laetitia (back)
+ Ignacio (front)
+ Yoel (front)

# Technologies to use on the project.

Backend

+ NodeJS
+ Express (API)
+ MongoDB.

__Frontend__
+ HTML
+ CSS (Sass)
+ JS
+ Gulp

# Work groups

If you create a new Feature, you will have to create a branch in the project with the initial of your First Name + the initial of your Last Name + Feature name.

For example -> YMHeaderFront

When the Features are completed, you make a Pull Request to the main project (in which two other members of the group will analyze and accept or decline).

# Github API

We will have to make a series of calls to obtain the following data.

1. Name Project.
2. Repository.
3. Description of the project.
4. Technologies used -> with link to the official documentation.
5. Members.

# Frontend

Make an initial mockup to see the main views of the app.

Thread Tools

1. Mookup -> Pencil Software Free for Mac.
2. InvisionApp -> For the deployment of the prototype.

# Tasks

We will do this by separating the Frontend Backend with the internal Github tool (Projects).

In both we create the following:

__Backlog__ -> Tasks that have been decided that they will do (score and hours).
Within the backlog, we initialize with points by level of difficulty, before starting the task.

0 points -> (Comas, Colors).
1 point -> (Give styles to a link).
2 points -> (1/5 hour tasks).
3 points -> (1/4 hour tasks).
5 points -> (Tasks of 1 hour).
8 points -> (Tasks over 1 hour) -> this is divided with the other points.

Example: Styling a link 1 point.

__Doing__ -> Tasks that are being done.
__Done__ -> Done tasks.
__Idebox__ -> To-do tasks.

IMPORTANT THAT THE CODE IS COMMENTED IN ENGLISH.

# Next meeting

Wednesday, February 22 at 8:30 p.m.
